website/docs: update example ldapsearch commands (#8906)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/providers/ldap/generic_setup.md

```
ldapsearch \
  -x \

>   -H ldap://<LDAP Outpost IP address>:<Portnumber 389/636, production should use SSL 636> \

Reviewer: (I don't remember how this is treated with the old parameters)

When using SSL the URI schema needs to be `ldaps://`

Author: I've tried using the commands with the -h -p parameters, but it simply failed due to not knowing those parameters (anymore) as they're deprecated. How and if SSL is handled with the old parameters, i don't know. I left out the ldaps;// part as (in my eyes) this is just for a quick test. I can add it if it's preferred to be documented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -H ldap://<LDAP Outpost IP address>:<Port number 389> \ # In production it is recommended to use SSL, which also requires `ldaps://` as the protocol and the SSL port 
```
